Update KoLV language in v1.8 guide (#5601)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/dbt-versions/core-upgrade/01-upgrading-to-v1.8.md

## Keep on latest version 

> dbt Cloud is going "versionless." Going forward, you get early access to new features and functionality before they're available in final releases of dbt Core. Select ["Keep on latest version"](/docs/dbt-versions/upgrade-dbt-version-in-cloud#keep-on-latest-version) in your development and deployment environments to get access to everything in dbt Core v1.8 and more.

Reviewer: hey @jtcohen6 , added 'staging' here too - is that ok?

```suggestion
dbt Cloud is going "versionless." This means you'll automatically get early access to new features and functionality before they're available in final releases of dbt Core. 

Select ["Keep on latest version"](/docs/dbt-versions/upgrade-dbt-version-in-cloud#keep-on-latest-version) in your development, staging, and production environments [environments](/docs/deploy/deploy-environments) to access to everything in dbt Core v1.8 and more.
```

Author: Good call @mirnawong1. I think this sentence should either read:
- "development and deployment environments"
- "development, staging, and production environments"

Given that the environment hierarchy is:
- type: development
- type: deployment
    - deployment_type: production
    - deployment_type: staging
    
That is, "production" and "staging" are subtypes of "deployment" (= for running jobs that deploy models on a schedule/trigger) as distinct from "development" (= operating on models interactively in response to user edits/commands)

Reviewer: sound good! i'll keep it as development, staging, and production environments to enhance the 'staging' aspect if that's cool!

## Keep on latest version 

dbt Cloud is going "versionless." This means you'll automatically get early access to new features and functionality before they're available in final releases of dbt Core. 

> Select ["Keep on latest version"](/docs/dbt-versions/upgrade-dbt-version-in-cloud#keep-on-latest-version) in your development, staging, and production environments [environments](/docs/deploy/deploy-environments) to access to everything in dbt Core v1.8 and more.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Select ["Keep on latest version"](/docs/dbt-versions/upgrade-dbt-version-in-cloud#keep-on-latest-version) in your development, staging, and production [environments](/docs/deploy/deploy-environments) to access to everything in dbt Core v1.8 and more.
```
